well hi a lot of long-lasting
relationships start as friendships
though sometimes it's hard to tell if
one if you're buddies has a crush on you
the signs are definitely there grab a
pen and a piece of paper write down all
your answers and we'll calculate your
score at the end now let's see if
someone likes you or more than a friend
how long have you known your closest
friends a more than five years B 1 to 5
years
C less than a year D I met many of them
recently but it feels like I've known
them forever how often do you talk with
them on social media
FaceTime or by text a not very often I
prefer face-to-face contact be a few
times a week at most when something
important happens C nearly every day
when we're bored D almost 24/7 sometimes
we stay up talking all night do you get
messages from your friends over the
smallest emergencies eh not really
I rarely get messages in general B I
sometimes get messages but only when
it's a big deal they want to discuss C
we have a group chat where everyone
shares their news D my phone doesn't
stop beeping
do you fall in love easily eh not really
but when I do it's intense B I sometimes
have a crush on someone I meet for the
first time but then it goes away
see I often get a crush when someone
pays a lot of attention to me D I fall
in love very easily are you still in
contact with your previous partners a
definitely not be I can't and never have
been friends with someone I broke up
with C I occasionally say hi to some of
them but I've never stayed friends
d yes they're great people and we still
hang out together
[Music]
do you like sharing everything that
happens to you with your friends eh not
really unless it's something meaningful
B sometimes it usually depends on my
mood see most of the time I like talking
about what happens and my friends share
stuff with me D I share everything with
my friends to show them that I care
[Music]
what do you do on Friday and Saturday
nights a I enjoy some alone time at home
either watching TV reading a book or
playing games B I like inviting my
friends over to order dinner and chill
see I go out for coffee dinner or a
movie with my friends D I usually go out
to parties with my buddies or throw one
at home do people talk about you behind
your back a I'm not sure
probably not B maybe they do but I've
never heard about it
C yes and I didn't like it when I found
out D yes and I don't mind in your
friendship group which of these
characters are you a the shy one it
takes me a while to open up to people
be the cool one everyone comes to me
when they have a problem C the fun one I
always come up with new ways to enjoy
ourselves
d I'm the crazy one sometimes my actions
are unpredictable how many friends do
you have online compared to real life
eh I don't have many friends just a few
close ones B I have the same number of
friends both online and in real life see
I have more friends online than in real
life because of social media D I have
more friends in real life that online
what's your laugh like a I don't laugh
often but my laugh is hilarious B I have
a very contagious laugh see
i giggle more than i laugh d very loud
and a bit annoying do your friends open
up to you easily eh sometimes when we're
alone I usually have to ask them if
they're okay first B when it's a serious
problem
not very often but over small things I'm
the first to get a call see it depends
on the friend some of them feel more
comfortable sharing stuff with made the
yes usually I'm on their speed dial
if you were going out tomorrow night who
would you take with you a whoever
invited me first be my best friend see
I'd go with a bunch of my friends as a
group D I'd ask one person in my group
that I don't know very well to get to
know them better what do you think of
parties eh I don't really like them I
prefer quiet gatherings B I'm usually
shy but with the right people I'm okay
with them see they're great for meeting
new people I like them D I love parties
I'm usually the first to get invited who
do you think has a crush on you eh I
don't think anyone does but I can never
be sure be one of my best friends but I
don't know who see a few people but
nobody has admitted it yet D a few of my
friends they confessed it to me
what do people admire about you a my
sense of responsibility I'm a reliable
person be my caring personality whenever
my friends need me I'm always there see
my free-spirited nature
I don't follow the crowd deed my sense
of humor I make everyone laugh and I
lift people's spirits
what would make you the happiest person
in the world a mastering my craft and
succeeding in something I live B I want
to help others the fortunate and
unfortunate I love the feeling of
improving somebody's life see spending
time with my family and friends life is
too short and I want to enjoy my time
with people I love D going on adventures
and gaining new experiences I like
exploring the world and learning new
things do you often get anonymous flirty
messages on social media or on your
phone a now I know all the people that
message me B maybe once or twice but I
wasn't sure they were meant for me see
I've received a few love notes D I
occasionally receive flirty messages
[Music]
when your friends invite you out where
do they take you a for a quick bite and
then to the movies B we have a picnic in
the park old school style C I go over to
their place or they come over to mine we
order food and just chill D we go out to
a nice restaurant preferably for dinner
[Music]
how do your friends react when you talk
to them a they listen to me very
carefully be now I catch a few of them
staring and they get shy when I look
back at them see they sometimes stumble
when we start a conversation but they're
okay after a while d they usually avoid
making eye contact how do your friends
react when they meet new people
eh they're cool with it but they're
cautious at first B they get defensive
and a bit jealous
C they stay the same D they're welcoming
and try to make the new person feel
comfortable
[Music]
if you notice one of your friends is
looking at you and smiling what do you
do hey make a funny gesture to stop them
from staring it's uncomfortable be I
ignore them and do whatever I was doing
before
see I smile back at them to be kind D I
talked to them about the first thing
that comes to mind how often do you meet
new people a not very often knowing a
ton of individuals is overwhelming so I
avoid it B sometimes it depends on the
occasion
C I often meet new people through my job
friends and my hobbies D all the time I
love meeting new people
you're walking down the street at night
with a group of your friends and someone
is trying to cause trouble what do you
do eh
I avoid the situation and walk away as
if nothing happened
B I avoid confrontation but if someone
is being unfair to someone else I need
to intervene see I kindly ask what the
problem is D I tell them off I have to
stand up for myself and others time for
your results if you got lots of aids
then you probably have 1 to 2 people
that liked you but never got the chance
to admit it you're a creative introvert
and because you avoid uncomfortable
situations your admirers don't come
forward although your mysterious nature
attracts them like a magnet if you've
chosen mainly bees then you're the kind
of person that picks their friends
wisely you rarely invest in new
relationships and you wait until you
feel safe you have many admirers but
none of them ever got close enough to
have a crush on you but once you get
closer to them you'll notice it right
away if most of your answers are C then
2 to 3 people have a crush on you
you're kind friendly and supportive you
try to make room for everyone and that
makes you irresistible for those of you
who pick mostly B's then the chances are
more than 3 to 4 people have a crush on
you not just because you're extroverted
in fun but because you make everyone
feel accepted your openness to new
experiences make people feel comfortable
around you